--
layout: default
title: 2025-01-15 TAC Meeting Record
parent: 2025
grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
---

# Post-Quantum Cryptography Alliance - Technical Advisory Council (TAC) Meeting 15 Jan, 2025
* [Join the meeting](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/98559442147?password=5e9d28b7-97d4-4628-9087-5f359dbf3d80)
* Recordings are available on your [Open Profile page](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings) under Past Meetings
* [PQCA Meeting Calendar](https://pqca.org/calendar/)
* [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/pqca)

## Antitrust Policy Notice
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy). If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.

## Voting Representative Attendance (_Alphabetical by 1st name_)
### Premier Member Representatives
* [x] Brian Jarvis, Amazon Web Services Inc. [TAC Vice Chair]
* [x] Michael (Max)imilien, IBM [TAC Chair]
* [x] Norman Ashley, Cisco
* [ ] Sophie Schmieg, Google
* [ ] Yarkin Doroz, NVIDIA

 ### Project Representatives
* [x] Nigel Jones, IBM [PQP]
* [x] Spencer Wilson, U Waterloo [OQS]

## Non-Voting Representative Attendance
### LF Staff 
* [x] Hart Montgomery
* [ ] Ry Jones
* [x] Kenny Paul

### Other Attendees
* Nicklas Kortge
* Jason Lee
* Aditya Koranga
* Joe Livingston

---
## Introduction of 1st time attendees
* none

---
## Announcements
* [interesting post from Microsoft](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/quantum/2025/01/14/2025-the-year-to-become-quantum-ready/)

---
## OQS Update -Spencer Wilson
* Reviewed a draft security response process and a threat model for liboqs, both of which should be in place within a week or two. 
* The 0.12.0 update of liboqs, which supports the final version of MLDSA, is being integrated into other projects. 
* Also discussing the long-term goals of liboqs, and the possibility of shifting from an experimental to a production-ready codebase. 
* The main challenge with such a shift is the need for a larger contributor base with more industry experience writing production code.
* Norm suggested that they consider a narrowly scoped set of objects rather than the whole of OQS.

---
## PQCP Update -Nigel Jones
* A follow-up needed on the CLA discussion for OpenSSL
* A draft PR has been opened to integrate the ML-KEM native implementation into liboqs. 
* There are ongoing discussions about code structure to ease the import process. This will be the first algorithm consumed from PQCP.
* There is no pipeline for other implementations or languages, but it needs to be discussed. 
* They need contributors from the research community to contribute code from PQCP to liboqs.
* A blog when liboqs is released would be appropriate

---
## Tools WG Update -Nicklas Kortge
* Missed Tuesday's working group meeting but a colleague hosted it. 
* Unfortunately, there was no participation- concerned if there is an issue with the meeting visibility. Kenny verified that it is set up as a bi-weekly meeting on the [community calendar](https://pqca.org/calendar/).  
* Close to finalizing the legal documents. currently an open action with the LF.
* A blog post on the tooling when released would be appropriate

---
## Old Business
* none

---
## New Business
* Max requested that each working group should plan on contributing a bit on the 1st year blog posts and then individual blog posts about future plans.

---
## Open Action Items / Issues Review
* [Issue #8](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/8 ) Max will close
* [Issue #31](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/31) Kenny will assign to himself and remove Nigel and Max
* [Issue #43](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/43) Kenny will close
* [Issue #44](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/44) Table until a decision is made on production readiness for OQS
