---
layout: default
title: 2024-12-04 TAC Meeting Record
parent: 2024
Grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
---
# Post-Quantum Cryptography Alliance - Technical Advisory Council (TAC) Meeting 04 December, 2024
* [Join the meeting](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/98559442147?password=5e9d28b7-97d4-4628-9087-5f359dbf3d80)
* Recordings are available on your [Open Profile page](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings) under Past Meetings
* [PQCA Meeting Calendar](https://pqca.org/calendar/)
* [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/pqca)

## Antitrust Policy Notice
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.
Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy). If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
---
## Voting Representative Attendance (_Alphabetical by 1st name_)
### Premier Member Representatives
* [x] Brian Jarvis, Amazon Web Services Inc. [TAC Vice Chair]
* [x] Michael (Max)imilien, IBM [TAC Chair]
* [x] Norman Ashley, Cisco
* [x] Sophie Schmieg, Google
* [x] Yarkin Doroz, NVIDIA

 ### Project Representatives
* [x] Nigel Jones, IBM [PQCP]
* [x] Spencer Wilson, U Waterloo [OQS]

## Non-Voting Representative Attendance
### LF Staff 
* [x] Hart Montgomery
* [x] Kenny Paul
* [ ] Ry Jones
### Other Attendees
* Nicklas Körtge (IBM Research Zurich)
* Aditya Koranga
* Joe Livingston
---
## Introduction of 1st time attendees
* None

---
## Announcements
* [Nvidia cuPQC release](https://developer.nvidia.com/cupqc)

---
## OQS Update -Spencer Wilson
* Initial feedback on 0.12.0 from users are good.
* open [discussion on API](https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/liboqs/issues/2001)
* TSC meeting will cover security and slh-dsa 
* looking for additional slh-dla expertise
 
---
## PQCP Update -Nigel Jones
* [mlkem-native v1.0.0-alpha](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-native/releases/tag/v1.0.0-alpha) 
* blog for release is in the works
* [cross-functional API discussion](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/4) 
* no external security audit of code currently scheduled, but having discussions on when to do that. For now the focus is on on being transparent about where things stand. 

---
## Tools WG Update -Nicklas Kortge
* creating PRs for bigger, open source repos, where we may want to have BOMs available
*  participation is still on the light side as things ramp up.
---

## API differences between the draft standards and the final versions, and the plight of prehashing ML-DSA - Sophie Schmieg
* Sophie shared a presentation 
* NIST standardized 4 schemes resulting in breaking changes to the API
* Suggests added a new context string to the API
* ACTION provide this same talk to PQCP TSC coordinated w/ Nigel

---
## Open Action Items / Issues Review
* recently closed documentation discussions - need to ensure should be opened as a new issue
* Max will respond to [issue 42](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/42) and close it
* [issue 59](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/59) Brian will close
* [issue 61](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/61)  - need to allow reviewers a week to review and when clock runs out it gets published 
* [issue 45](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/45) Do in OQS first and then make recommendations to roll out further.
* suggestion to incorporate this into the annual review of the lifecycle document  
* [issue 19](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/19) several internal discussion threads in progress following work by Kenny last week.
* Kenny’s action from the Nov. 20 TAC meeting - explained that some administrative onboarding tasks will need to precede TAC’s lifecycle process. [See message](https://lists.pqca.org/g/TAC/message/68) 

---
## New Business
* none
---
## Old Business
* This will be the last TAC call of the year. Will resume again on Jenuary 15, 2025
