---
layout: default
title: 2024-11-06 TAC Meeting Record
parent: 2024
grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
---

# Post-Quantum Cryptography Alliance - Technical Advisory Council (TAC) Meeting 06 Nov., 2024 
* [Join the meeting](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/98559442147?password=5e9d28b7-97d4-4628-9087-5f359dbf3d80)
* Recordings are available on your [Open Profile page](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings) under Past Meetings
* [PQCA Meeting Calendar](https://pqca.org/calendar/)
* [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/pqca)

## Antitrust Policy Notice
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy). If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.

## Voting Representative Attendance (_Alphabetical by 1st name_)
### Premier Member Representatives
* [x] Brian Jarvis, Amazon Web Services Inc. [TAC Vice Chair]
* [x] Michael (Max)imilien, IBM [TAC Chair]
* [x] Norman Ashley, Cisco
* [ ] Sophie Schmieg, Google
* [x] Yarkin Doroz, NVIDIA

 ### Project Representatives
* [ ] Nigel Jones, IBM [PQCP]
* [x] Spencer Wilson  [OQS]

## Non-Voting Representative Attendance
### LF Staff 
* [ ] Hart Montgomery
* [ ] Ry Jones
* [x] Kenny Paul

### Other Attendees
* Pravek Sharma 
* Xinhua (Frank) Ling Amazon
* Niklas Kotrge
* Alex Bozarth
* Guncha Malik
* JP Lomas (Die QRL Stiftung)
* Bryan Uhri
* Aditya Koranga
* Pierre-Elisée Flory (Thales)
---

## Events and conferences
* Max reviewed RWPQC proposal
* Would probably use most of the 2025 event budget 
* Please share thoughts on the mailing list.
---

## OQS Update 
* Spencer Wilson New OQS TAC rep
* Code status was reviewed.
* Looking at setting up a vulnerability response team [#60](https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/tsc/issues/60)
---

## PQCP Update
* Nigel unavailable - Update will be provided via email
---

## Tools WG Update
* Nicklas presented
* Just getting started -1st meeting was yesterday
* Next meeting is on the 19th of the month
---

## Review of previous issues/action items
* [TAC#31](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/31) on Kenny still pending
* [PR#54](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/pull/54) merged
___

## Presentation by Dr. Frank Ling of AWS
* ["Defense-in-depth with hybrid PQC and QKD”](2024-11-06-PQCA-presentation.pdf) 
* Would like PQCA to consider this as an experimental track project.
* Discussion of potential projects community - interest shown following LinkedIn post
* Would probably be something more general than fitting into an existing workgroup.
* Motion by Mas to bring in this as an Experimental track project, Yarkin 2nd. 
* ACTION: Kenny to distribute a vote based upon slide 8 of the deck.
---

## Next meeting Nov. 20th
* Max will be at the LF Member Summit. May have limited availability 
