---
layout: default
title: 2024-11-20 TAC Meeting Record
parent: 2024
grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
---
# Post-Quantum Cryptography Alliance - Technical Advisory Council (TAC) Meeting 20 Nov, 2024

* [Join the meeting](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/98559442147?password=5e9d28b7-97d4-4628-9087-5f359dbf3d80)
* Recordings are available on your [Open Profile page](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings) under Past Meetings
* [PQCA Meeting Calendar](https://pqca.org/calendar/)
* [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/pqca)
---
## Antitrust Policy Notice
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.
Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy). If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
---
## Voting Representative Attendance (_Alphabetical by 1st name_)
### Premier Member Representatives
* [x] Brian Jarvis, Amazon Web Services Inc. [TAC Vice Chair]
* [x] Michael (Max)imilien, IBM [TAC Chair]
* [x] Norman Ashley, Cisco
* [ ] Sophie Schmieg, Google
* [x] Yarkin Doroz, NVIDIA
 ### Project Representatives
* [x] Nigel Jones, IBM [PQCP]
* [x] Spencer Wilson, U Waterloo [OQS]
## Non-Voting Representative Attendance
### LF Staff
* [x] Hart Montgomery
* [x] Kenny Paul
* [ ] Ry Jones
### Other Attendees
* Nicklas Kortge
* Jason Lee
* Joe Livingston
* Guncha Malik
---
## Introduction of 1st time attendees
* Joe Livingston, Crypto group @ IBM
---
## OQS Update -Spencer Wilson
* 0.12.0 release release candidate next week
* ML-DSA in liboqs has been the focus
* watching APIs closely
* One security update in the pipeline
---
## PQCP Update -Nigel Jones
* Ongoing discussions on ML-KEM - topic for the next TSC call.
* Work on Jasmine framework continues
* Team is looking upstream to make determination on how CI can best be handled
---
## Tools WG Update -Nicklas Kortge
* Pulling existing knowledge around CBOM together
* group education as a first step.
* Looking into creating a PR template
* Max will provide help getting internal review for a Charter
---
## Old Business
* Vote requested on the Experimental track project for hybrid PQC & QKD keys based upon Dr. Ling's proposal last on Nov. 6.
* Order of operations issue - need a PR submitted first for review
* ACTION Kenny to pull up the lifecycle doc and validate
---
## New Business
* none
---
## Open Action Items / Issues Review
[Issue #45](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/45) nigel to evaluate
[Issue #44](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/44) max & nigel to review
[Issue #43](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/43) nigel follow-up
[Issue #42](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/42) brian can be closed
[Issue #37](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/37) max close today
[Issue #36](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/36) max close today
[Issue #31](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/31) kenny still open - hart will chat up LFX team at the event
[Issue #19](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/19) kenny set up a list
[Issue #8](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/8) tabled - to be discussed on the next TAC call
