---
parent: Meeting Minutes
grand_parent: PQCA TAC
title: "2024-07-31-TAC"
---
# Post-Quantum Cryptography Alliance - Technical Advisory Council (TAC) Meeting - 31 July 2024
Join the meeting at https://zoom.us/rec/share/rNYF7kWkpXjPLP52nQyNo9B3jzejdCSBvUm8vDA9h_2RT27chDLkP-u09o5OTR_j.ny8XitAbUJT8tKAX

## Voting Representative Attendance
### Premier Member Representatives
* [x] Norman Ashley, Cisco
* [x] Michael (Max)imilien, IBM [TAC Chair]
* [x] Yarkin Doroz, NVIDIA
* [ ] Sophie Schmieg, Google
* [x] Brian Jarvis, Amazon Web Services Inc. [TAC Vice Chair]
 
 ### Project Voting Representatives
* [ ] Thomas Bailleux, SandboxAQ [OQS]
* [ ] Nigel Jones, IBM [PQP]

## Non-Voting Attendees
### Other Attendees
* Jason Lee, GSA
* Alex Bozarth
* JP Lomas
* Pierre-Flory

### LF Staff
* [x] Hart Montgomery
* [x] Ry Jones
* [x] Naomi Washington

## Antitrust Policy Notice
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it 
is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in 
accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore 
extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, 
and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, 
federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in 
connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the 
Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy). 
If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, 
or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove 
of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.

## Agenda
* Brief discussion on working group and process for new projects
* Lifecycle document: review comments, resolve, move to GH issue
* Action item review
* PQCA Landscape

## Announcements
* The motion to 'Handle PQCA Lifecycle Document Comments in GitHub Issues' was submitted to the PQCA TAC Voting Representatives.
The motion has passed with 4 of the 7 TAC Representatives voting 'Approve'. 

## Notes
* CBOM Working Group
  * The CBOM working group name was suggested to be changed to be more encompassing.
    The new name is Tooling and has been updated in GHI.
  * Maximilien will reach out to Nicolas and determine when he can present more detail, and then a vote to create this working group will be submitted.
* New Working Group - Applications
  * Two researchers reached out wanting to contribute to PQCA. They are working on QORE: Quantumised 5G Coreâ€” 5G Core integrated with
    Post-Quantum Cryptography and Quantum Random Number Generator (QRNG). This involved Telcom Architecture and is very interesting for PQCA.
  * We want to invite the researchers to comment on a New Working Group GHI - Applications then invite them to present at the TAC.
* Lifecycle Document
  * An overview of changes on the lifecycle document was provided, noting section changes, and added / removed language.
  * A review of comments commenced and those that needed to be moved to GH Issues were decided.
    Comments not being moved to GHI were resolved so the document can move forward.
  * Next Steps: A final review of the lifecycle document then it will be submitted for vote and adoption.
* Landscape
  * A landscape was created for PQCA and will be built out over the coming weeks. [PQCA Landscape](https://pqca.landscape2.io/)
  * Any changes, entries, or corrections to the landscape, please submit them via the PR. [Landscape Repo](https://github.com/PQCA/landscape)

## Action Items
### Old
### New
* [x] Create a [GH Issue](https://github.com/PQCA/TAC/issues/34) for the new working group: Applications and provide context. Tag the submitters to comment on the GHI.
* [ ] Move comments from the lifecycle document to GHI [Naomi]
* [ ] Create labels for GHIs [Naomi]

## Recordings
* Recordings are available on your [Open Profile page](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings) under Past Meetings
