---
layout: default
title: YYYY-MM-DD TAC Meeting Record
parent: Meeting Minutes
grand_parent: PQCA TAC
nav_exclude: true
---
<mark>_Copy this template to the subdirectory for the current year and name the file `YYYY-MM-DD-TAC-meeting-record.md` (e.g., `2023-02-02-TAC-meeting-record.md`). Update the information above to change the `title` (e.g., `2023-02-16 TAC Meeting Record`, the `parent` to `YYYY` (e.g., 2023), the `grand_parent` to `Meeting Minutes`, and remove the `nav_exclude` line. Update the links below to reflect the appropriate image location (e.g., `../images/`). Text between `<mark></mark>` are instructions. Please remove when section has been completed._
</mark>

# Post-Quantum Cryptography Alliance - Technical Advisory Council (TAC) Meeting DD Month, 20YY
* [Join the meeting](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/98559442147?password=5e9d28b7-97d4-4628-9087-5f359dbf3d80)
* Recordings are available on your [Open Profile page](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings) under Past Meetings
* [PQCA Meeting Calendar](https://pqca.org/calendar/)
* [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/pqca)

## Antitrust Policy Notice
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy). If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.

## Voting Representative Attendance (_Alphabetical by 1st name_)
### Premier Member Representatives
* [ ] Brian Jarvis, Amazon Web Services Inc. [TAC Vice Chair]
* [ ] Michael (Max)imilien, IBM [TAC Chair]
* [ ] Norman Ashley, Cisco
* [ ] Sophie Schmieg, Google
* [ ] Yarkin Doroz, NVIDIA

 ### Project Representatives
* [ ] Nigel Jones, IBM [PQP]
* [ ] Thomas Bailleux, SandboxAQ [OQS]

## Non-Voting Representative Attendance
### LF Staff 
* [ ] Hart Montgomery
* [ ] Ry Jones
* [ ] Kenny Paul

### Other Attendees
* 

## Agenda

### Announcements
<mark>_Put any announcements. Upcoming events, for example_
</mark>
* 

### Presentation
<mark>_If there are any presentations from a WG, SIG, or project._
</mark>
* 

### Decision
<mark>_If there are any items up for vote (this is not meant to be exclusive but meant to highlight items that are expected to be voted on)_
</mark>
* 

### Discussion
<mark>_Items for discussion, including items left over from the previous meetings, as well as items that have been added_
</mark>
* 

### Project Proposals 
<mark>_include any project proposals that have been submitted and need discussion or decision._
</mark>
* 

## Action Items
### Old
* 

### New
* 
